The Lord said,
Take care of your work and leave to your father.
The grandfather Naganao's family was just nine years old.
At that time, he was still called the first son.
Take care of your work and leave to your father.
Grandfather, take care of your work and leave to your father.
Grandfather, the age of 18 was the time when the family was in the age of the Kuranosuke and Yoshisuke's remains.
It was almost the same as the Lord's family.
More than that, I have been counting for many years.
It's a waste, but my brother and my child are all my children.
I raised them and raised them.
Today's news is more important than anyone else.
It's a pity to think about it.
The Lord said,
Take care of your work and leave to your father.
About 500 million yen was spent on the gold and silver,
but I had no money.
I had to live with my family, but I had three children.
I had no family.